Now that the Automation Kit main
solution has been installed via the
command line installer.Let's start a
command line install of the Automation
Kit Satellite.
Selecting the satellite solution,
install.
Indicate that the April 2023 or newer
install will be made.
And that installing as a user with
System Administrator rights.Next is to
set up the environment so that the Power
App Component Framework feature is
enabled.
Let's open the Power Platform Admin
Center. Select the environment.Then we
can select settings.
Expand the product features.
And toggle the required setting.
Then save the changes.
Now the feature is enabled, we can
continue.The next step is to install the
Creator kit in this environment.
Using the resources of the Power
Platform Admin Center, we can select the
Creator Kit.And install the Creator Kit
to the target environment.
After agreeing to the terms of service
and selecting Install, the Creator Kit
install will start.
Let's validate that the Creator Kit is
correctly set up and configured.In the
selected environment, we can open the
Creator kit reference canvas application.
And validate that the Creator Kit
controls are visible as expected.
Now we have validated that the Creator
Kit is installed. The next step if you
have not installed the Microsoft Power
Platform CLI is to use the link to
install the Power Platform CLI to your
machine.
Next, ensure that your environment has
the correct Data Loss Prevention
policies applied.
As the final prerequisite check ensures
that you have an Azure Active Directory
application created.
From the Azure portal, you can get an
existing Azure Active Directory
application or create a new Azure Active
Directory application.
In this case we will register a new
application.
We can use the registered application ID
as part of the setup wizard later.
Next, in the setup wizard, the target
environment and connections are
collected.
First, the setup wizard needs the
address of the environment home page
that you want to install to.
You can open the Power Platform web
portal.
Verify that the Creator Kit solution has
been installed.
Then copy the environment location from
the browser and copy it back into the
setup wizard.
Now you can use the Create button to
create each of the connections in your
environment required by the solution.
Once the connection has been created,
you can copy the web address of the
created connection into the setup wizard
field.
The environment variables and settings
will collect information about the
environment you intend to install into.
The first setting is the e-mail address
to send operational reports and alerts
to.
Next is the ID of the automation project
from your main environment.You can
access this by opening the Power
Platform portal for your main
environment.Navigating to your
automation Coe main solution.
Then selecting the details of the
automation project application and copy
the ID back into the setup wizard.
Next is the base desktop flow address
from the Power Automate web portal.As
indicated in the documentation, only the
part up to environments is required.
Let's look at an example.
Next we need the satellite environment
ID.This can be obtained the session
details dialog of the Powerapps web
portal.
Next we need the environment name of the
satellite environment.We can get this
from the Power Platform Admin Center web
portal.
Then the satellite environment region.
This is also in the Power Platform Admin
Center web portal.
Then the unique environment name for the
satellite environment.This can be
obtained from the Session details dialog
of the Powerapps web portal.Note
you will have to append a region
specific extension to the pasted value.
Then repeat the same process to obtain
the unique environment, except this time
the value needs to be from the main
environment.Let's look at an example of
that.
Now you will require the environment URL
for the satellite environment. You can
obtain this from the session details.
The options page is the final set of
options you will need to provide in the
setup wizard.You will need to indicate
if you want to store the extracted
script in dataverse for reporting.If you
want to enable the cloud flows to
synchronize data to the main environment.
And enable the Azure AP app registration
so that the automation solution manager
can query solution artifacts.For the
application name and ID, we can copy
these to the setup wizard.
Then select next to move to the final
setup wizard step to download the
configured settings.
The install can take 10 to 15 minutes to
complete.
Once the install completes successfully,
you can then open the satellite
environment and use the automation kit
Satellite Solution Manager.